We, the emissary, now have a visit to the warm one.
Do you read it?
I'm full of the available to join that boy,
and Mr. Jenkins has an hour of your door, a platform.
So I'll have to say one more day again.
We send him a call and then so I'll always
know that when he gets anything, John,
it'll be made available to all the members
that are on the main part of all the main outlets.
So I'm in the bar, maybe, a job at all.
I've been doing some business, it's just me.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not competing now
with all the things in that pile.
It should be in it.
I'm taking another one of this today.
Judgment of anyone member or anyone
who's in charge of the same office committee
who's seeing what it's about to be.
I will, that's made very clear, it's just time to finish.
So, I would think it's probably appropriate
to send him a call and then join that boy,
at his father's office, I'll say yourself.
I'll let you go, I'll let you go.
I'll let you go.
I'll thank you.
That's all that is under fire in India.
The clock is going against you now.
You have to have a good night to miss here.
Just a call and I thank you and I are
in the most completed agreement
about the things that come into this room.
You spent a lot of time trying to build a America
against it and still have I.
We may differ however,
but that's the approach to it.
Now, I wanted to discuss a little bit more
this question of classified data.
And I want to ask a few questions.
Do you believe it's important to maintain discipline
on forces in order to have an effective fighting force
against threats of communist aggression?
Yes.
Discipline in the army would allow the one of
a's, the one of a's, the one of the superior operas
that does it not?
Yes.
And you may have to obey orders,
even though you may disagree with them.
Is that correct?
Yes.
You agree with me, don't you,
that it would not be able to fight a battle
if everybody could do what he wanted,
in spite of his order?
Yes, sir.
Now, I want to read you, Mr. Cohen,
a quotation from the New York Times,
of May 13th,
the point on a threat conference on May 12th,
of the President of the United States, and I quote,
the sole of an army,
the sole of a defense force,
was the certainty that everybody responded
to the laws of the land,
and to the order of the superiors,
all the way up to the commander-in-chief,
assume otherwise,
and how would you fight a battle?
Continuing your quote,
do you give an order to you people as division commander
or something of that nature to carry out your order about?
I knew this order that isn't the thing to do.
Well, whenever we got to adopting that theory in the military,
or in our civilian organization,
we had better disband and, of course,
you agree with that statement of the President?
For me, sir.
Now, the President was a supreme commander
of the Allied Forces in the European Theatre in World War II,
was he not?
Well, sir.
Well, we both know he did a good job, so I...
He now command or enchant of the armed forces?
Yes, sir.
So an order given by him is an order from the highest officer in the Army, isn't it?
Yes.
Now I want to read you a portion of executive order 105-01,
entitled quote,
states guarding official information
in the assistance of the defense of the United States.
This order became effective on December 15, 1953.
The dissemination outside the executive branch
classified as defense information
shall not be disseminated outside the executive branch
except on the conditions and through channels
authorized by the head of the disseminating department or agency.
Even though the person or agency to which dissemination of such information
is proposed to be made may have been solely or partly responsible for its production.
And, of course, yes.
Now, that's an order from the President's command and chief of the armed forces.
Is it not?
Yes, sir.
Please take that.
Do you think that the members of the armed forces should obey that order?
Yes, sir.
You said this morning that you felt you were always coming to the Lord of the United States.
I assume you agree with me that all members of the armed forces are also coming to the Lord of the country.
Are they not?
Yes, sir.
Now I want to read you section 4A of the Universal Military Training Statues.
No member of the armed forces shall be restricted or prevented from communicating directly or indirectly
with any member or members of Congress concerning any touches.
On left touch communication is an violation of law or an violation of regulations necessary to the security and safety of the United States.
At the end of the call, now Mr. Cohen and you, that's that.
And in view of the executive order I read, do you believe that an officer or an illicit man who disseminated classified information
held to honor the executive branch in violation of security regulations necessary to the security and safety of the United States
shall be subjected to disciplinary action.
Sir, it depends on the circumstances of the dissemination and to whom the materialist is having.
Well, now if you amplify that forward with respect to the document that I think we both know we are considered.
You mean the protocol or the picture?
The Jordan who refused number of amberboard to have been done is not the same.
So the, in that case, the officer was giving to the ministerial committee, which has the obligation under the law of investigating
the criminal, mishandling and rat-city and failure to act on the part of the executive.
He was giving to the chairman of that committee information, demonstrating an important case where the executive has failed to take action
despite a three-year lapse of time.
When I assume he did that in accordance with his post-to defend this nation against all enemies,
violence, or message, and in accordance with his country.
You know why when he delivered the letter, he changed the two forms of the general and civil war.
The fact that I think what he was throwing was conveying to us the fact, conveying through the fundamentalities of fact,
that there was a situation in the executive, a serious situation which had not been attended to over the years,
despite frequent FBI warnings, and he was calling it to the attention of the chairman of the congressional committee,
which has the responsibility for upholding and correcting the failure of the executive to act in situations such as that.
Now my memory is a little heavy, but the letter was 51, it was delivered in the spring of 1953.
That's like for the committee, gentlemen.
Yes sir.
And for the, uh, most gentlemen, I think I have no further questions on that.
I don't see Sunday, MacArthur here, I think if you don't want to ask any questions,
you talk with the council and I'll go to Mr. Ruff.
Call the committee.
Yes sir.
The meeting is important, you are from the governor's office.
I was about to ask you this question.
Do I understand your opposition would be to say that it's just a sign that gone over and got into the arms and his commission?
You are of 1953, but there's still what have been the collision between the senator and the army.
Hi.
Uh, for a given sort of a collision between the senator and the army was not caught because of the shying matter.
So then you can go right along with the commission.
Well, I think this is shying.
It got his commission on their hot July day.
Yes sir.
And come back in power and wage.
2000.
You were in the room.
The other opinion today is that the collision between you and the army would have happened.
Well, for I say it, there were not that thing, it's probably one of them.
Some other thing which they, the people who are behind this were few.
Do you mean to say to come that if there never has been any mischiefs,
you know today with a fat bear and I just ain't with a fat bear.
I can't say that thing.
You talk for one more, think that he was part of the union.
Yes sir, do do.
Who think that there have been no shying in the world?
And you and I were just just done by faith.
The making that joke was we asking the question to the new mechanism.
No sir, I can't.
But that is the answer to snowfall.
Now that the weather's a little bit tough on me to answer your questions.
Well, I hate to make some difficult for you.
That's what contains the challenge.
Once again, have there been no mischiefs ever in the world?
You and I were just done to have you or no reason with the army.
And I was just done to have the need for that right there.
No sir.
That's totally isn't it?
That's totally the thing that isn't it?
But what does that mean?
You and I were just not in this room with their never-ending mischiefs.
I don't know.
I don't know if it's not possible of me having the roomings up for that man.
I think we could have said.
We have to be these questions and new meetings these are to me.
Yes sir.
Well, Mr. Cole, do you remember the day on with the day Shines?
You know what I think put it to hold up his hand and get his commission?
We'll put it that way.
Sir, would you say Mr. Shines?
No, he says that.
No, it's been testified to in this room by General Reaper that he called up and said,
may I come over and hold up my hand?
No sir, I just not understand the General Reaper said any chancestation has been made to him.
Well, in any event, were you aware of a day when Mr. Shines let us take us a taxi or some other exorpology and went over to the...
...and it gone to be sworn in?
No.
Did he ever tell you why I'm going over there and I hope I'm going to come back with my commission?
Did you ever know that he went over there and the fight for one?
Yes sir.
Did he tell you where he was going?
I don't recall if we did or not.
I know he went there and my friend was talking before he went.
He sure did.
Yes, didn't he?
The corner is missing wrong with that.
He's talking wrong with it.
Are you working very closely with him there?
What's up?
I want to take as much of it as an hour off to go with the Pentagon and get his commission.
We have to know it, wouldn't you?
I might or I might not.
Now, Mr. Cohen, suppose he had come back on that day, cause he was alive.
That was a form.
Did you have a plan to finish his work for the committee?
I don't think he could have happened that way sir.
Suppose it had.
You wanted him to have a commission in July of 1933 that you did not.
He was not going to leave the way it worked.
He was not have come back wearing the uniform.
Well, he went over to the testimony and I understand the testimony saying the item over and pulled up my hand.
Did you hear that in this room?
That's one side of the story.
Yes.
He heard that testimony.
I heard somebody say he heard somebody else say that.
I never heard this.
And I was supposed to suppose Mr. Cohen that he had succeeded in going over and holding up his hands.
Mr. Cohen, coming back from the commission.
You following me?
Did you then have a plan for Mr. Cohen to finish his work for the committee?
Kind of happened that way sir.
I didn't ask you whether it could have happened.
When you were trying to get him a commission in July, did you have a plan for Shindra finish his work with the committee?
No, there was no plan.
No plan at all.
Is that right?
No, I hadn't quite finished it.
Do I have to work for the plan or not?
Well, I was trying to say it was very fair.
Would it depend on when he was going in?
All right.
How much time were you allowed to put job at finishing up Shindra's work for the committee?
I may not have gotten to it.
How much time did you take about it?
I can't say that I did.
You knew he was going to be around, didn't you?
Yes sir.
And you have to take about it.
Don't explain that.
You have to take about it completely, did you?
By the way, when you went to the washers, somebody else.
What the washers, what the charter was going to tell us down in the committee is
I don't think anybody has a washers except for the chairman of the committee.
Everybody just walked around on their own.
Well, sir, that might be amusing, but the boys down there, side by side, explained something wrong for them.
I don't mean to be a musician.
Who gets Shindra?
Who gets Shindra orders?
Anybody?
I'd like to answer your question.
What about Shindra?
Who gets Shindra orders?
That'll be an answer.
No, sir.
I was so like this.
And don't you answer that question.
Who gets Shindra orders?
Sir, before I do that, may I be...
I don't care what you do before you can do it after.
But tell me now, please.
Who gets Shindra orders?
Mr. Chairman, I answer your question.
Who gets?
I answer, I think it was three questions back.
I was in the middle of it.
No, I...
I will wave any question.
The three questions back.
And now I ask you who gets Shindra orders?
I was in the first question.
I was before you.
Who gets Shindra orders?
Mr. Chairman, may I answer your question?
Mr. Welles, I have the question.
But there's an answer because I think it cares the reflection on the people who work on the staff of this committee.
I need to cast no less lecture on anybody.
Mr. Korn, I'm trying to get from you the simple proposition who gave Shindra orders.
Who's telling me first?
Mr. Chairman, may I have a clear...
I want to give Mr. Welles all the yes and no answers I can.
Listen to your name.
I call for a name.
What's the name of the guy who gave Shindra orders?
Sir, at the same time, I would like him to...
...concrete the answers to Mr. Welles' question before he cuts in and starts in with the...
All I can do is have some questions hanging back there.
Let's have it read.
I'll tell you what it was about.
I'll ask it over again.
What was it?
As I recall, it's the one which I wanted to answer was...
...they spoke to me by you that people go laughing around down there.
I asked that again.
Do people make up their own minds as to what they're going to do?
Or do you have some direction in that committee?
The way I can answer is you first, by telling you just what's done,
and that's what happened down in that committee.
I don't care what happens, I want to know who gives me orders.
Who gives them?
I try to...
...I will...
...because anybody gives them a little wealth.
I'll be happy to be playing with you.
I'm trying to find out if you could...
...I just want to know who gives me orders.
Well, whatever.
Mr. Welles has it ten minutes.
He can use it anyway he wants to after Zoom.
So, Lord, I have Mr. Welles.
Now, if you just heard over your shoulder, who gives me orders?
I just saw Mr. Tioniana talking to me.
Oh, he's had him in.
So, I don't know.
I don't think he's wanting me to receive any sentence.
Well, he can tell you who gives me orders.
Oh, that's not all that.
Now, that's not me.
He's not in.
He gave me orders.
Mr. Call, let's eat green, back in our chairs,
as far as the microphones are missing.
And smile all over.
Yes, sir.
And I'm now going to direct my remarks to a man named David Chan.
On the first day that he turned up to work for this committee,
who gave it his order?
Sure, before you do that, I'll be very glad to answer that pilot so much
to answer the pending question that I make.
Well, if we got anything pending, I'm surprised.
Are you still troubled about that question of ropping around?
Is that so?
It's so tough.
Well, now make a speech, if you will.
Subtít, quote, ropping around, unquote.
Well, Mr. Chair, we'll have to ask the audience to deliver the questions.
Mr. Welles has the happy cycle.
He has the new, new, shippling questions.
But we don't want to, oh, I missed the chairman's craft, the unhappy stuff.
And now I think it's a happy cycle.
He has the unfeited people who have just their grim face along the entire territory.
So I do ask him to chuckle the quieties and still have the problem.
Now, that will not be taken out of your time, if it will.
So, the summary will allow.
I'll tell you if not, before we go.
The summary, Mr. Welles,
and what you want at least is description of the right things for it down in the committee room.
No, I want to speak to you on both ropping around, unquote,
but you say you want to make it.
Well, Mr. Welles, for now, this is all very funny to you.
It's not to make it.
Mr. Cold, I say to you, I hate him this much as you do.
But I'm trying to cause examine you.
And keep telling me you want to make some kind of a statement about this.
That is a very big question of mine that has the phrase of it ropping around.
Now, let's get to it and tell us what you want to tell us.
So, in front of your person,
what I wanted to say is people downstairs do not knock around.
They work hard.
They work much harder than they have to turn the pay which they get.
Now, they do a careful and inefficient job for a train.
They're capable, or they wouldn't beat it.
And we don't have to have somebody sitting on top of them,
giving them directions and quarters.
They do their work, and they do a well, and the end resulted
that communists have been all eliminated from defense plans and government agencies.
And that money has been paid to the taxpayers of this country.
That is the way we work out of it.
We don't have a chance to get to this disfound yet.
And he's out for it.
You don't have to have time to reply.
The suggestion to the question?
No question.
Mr. German, do you find it right?
No.
You can't.
Is that so for you?
No, I guess not.
You were asking from the table to the ten minutes came that there's no objections to anybody
who would give you a dissent.
That might make you very well.
Mr. Koen, I'd like to thank you for having a minute of the road up.
And as I said this morning, I think it's very rightful,
so by the able-sunture tool.
I don't know what I have to do with your truck tube.
You're talking the lab are you?
I'm not having a document which I didn't have this morning when I questioned you.
So I'm trying to test Kagan.
The statement on it, I am tempted to support that the unsewing election.
And I do hear by nominally the following main person as a candidate for the candidate of the coming of the press.
I'm going to confirm you that Mr. Koen asked you whether or not you get towards the mid-adventure of the Kagan.
Well, the time you went to Europe was at the monthly title acting director,
who is acting director of the Public Affairs Association of the Office of the Micromissariat.
I'm going to hand you the stripes of support to the coming of the party.
And ask your mother or not to,
you look at it from the Kagan, the admission under oath that he is the same Kagan as the one to sign that adopted.
Yes sir.
And this was signed, I believe, after the Hitler-Solling Act,
because I believe it was.
And one of the results of your self-truth, Europe, was the elimination.
And we had our information serviced over there, they're called to help to make.
Now this man who had pledged supports to the coming of the party,
he resigned during that investigation yesterday.
Now Mr. Koen, is that a bulls-drawn among the bulls-drawn?
I don't know if it's a bulls-drawn.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, nochmal, we have to stand and meet that.
So, what about the ten minutes I guess for our own cowboys?
Can we have a come to our duty?
I mean, just concluded a kind of roll call, hopefully, now here in two bells,
the alarm for a corn, we'll speed however hoping that it may not be seen as a race and a roll call.
Time keep the rises, we send him a call, and you have eight minutes left.
You make a head-up.
Mr. Koen, one of the subjects of June 9th has got their childhood number of friends that are called as the crossman's
authority, the committee has to get information from the executive branch.
I have seen Facebook formatting from the justice department at the White House.
So, we expect that the general law, if he's in force to law, are glad and executive, we only have a step back, we agree with that, don't we?
Not that, I believe we also agree that there are friends who have some confusion from a part of some between the aggression of the race when forced to law,
from a partly executive and the right of a congressional committee to get information if the law is not properly enforced,
because there's mouth-safes, there's speech, there's a left, option, treatment, etc.
I think you and I have gone over and detailed the organization act and have the green fully that new chief counsel,
as the chairman have no choice but to attempt to get information.
So, any failure to properly enforce the law, any grants, any corruption, any dishonesty, any communist infiltration in the executive branch?
That's right.
I have a formula, a state malicious by the White House this morning, and I'm slightly disempowered by the president.
It led from very excellent accomplishments, in the case that our executive branch certainly is getting in the right direction.
I think that you and I have always agreed that this administration has been heading in the right direction,
and it has been simplified the removal of communism in turn, we may have had some question about the stage of which they were moving,
is that right?
Yes sir.
Mr. Combe, under the law of the National Bank, as you interpret it, this committee has no choice but to attempt to get information.
To expose any wrongdoing, any misstatements, any incompetence in the executive, that's the duty of the Congress under the rule of the National Bank.
If there is a law which says we cannot choose that out of force, then you and I agree we cannot get information.
I believe we have agreed to over that there is no order of any bureau of chief, any department head, which can nullify the reorganization act.
And if any bureau head, if any cabinet officer, anyone up to the president, including the president, signs an order, issues an order, which would make it impossible for the committee to do the job which it has been ordered to do under the reorganization act,
we certainly are not bound by any such orders, that's right, so that was even said in Frenchman on the duties of the legislative party.
Right. Now, once you're calling on me, ask you to listen, you'll be in the Israeli high official Democratic administration.
I think you and I use the Democrat as Republicans have agreed that both of our committee is concerned that there will be no cover-up regardless of whether Democrats or Republicans get hurt, but the job of our committee is to disclose any wrongdoing and any communism and corruption that's right.
Well, yesterday, the senator went and attacked upon what the committee found her, I find that attacked headlined in the communist daily worker,
and found her, like, in McCarthy to Hitler, I believe you described the daily worker this morning already as the telegraph agency of the communist party.
Okay, sir.
What's the reform there's in the statement that tends to raise the cost of religious racial history, I think it's a vicious thing, I read his speech, I don't believe that he wrote himself.
I think the kindest thing you can say about Ralph is that this may be the result of some illicitness.
In fact, religious racial history comes a fight between the three counties on our committee.
One happens to be, they protest, and one happens to be Jewish, and the other happens to be Catholic, but all active in their church, Christ Joseph.
There's also to come that there is no head of either politics, religion or race, who comes to hiring investigators of the sole theft, and to get comfort young men, and all we have on our committee now, has had a background standing either in the FBI, the Justice Department,
and a secret service with one exception, I believe, maybe two now.
You left? Probably, sir, they all, I, I, I, I, they all, confident in that, but they were doing a tough, fun, hardworking job.
Now, Mr. Cohn, one of the questions that this summit is going to have to decide sooner or later is, the question of whether or not the Americans people are entitled to know what's going on in their government.
As you and I have often discussed there, the two theories, one is that if they special favorably American people let them know what the facts are, you don't subscribe to that, I do not.
The other theory that was you and I both described is that the American people are the matter of right, and title to know what their servants are doing, and all of them down here are their servants.
Well, we're going to have any time sooner or later, doesn't it? Do I extend the Bureau of Education for texting self from exposure?
What, what extent, an executive department can protect people in the executive?
Now, you were in the Democratic administration, rather high official in the justice department.
I just wonder if you wouldn't, now this time give us some pulling examples.
The attempts on the party of the executive to cover up information, cases in which it would work for a conventional committee individuals who are now in jail would not be there.
I would like to direct your attention first, if I may, to the Remington case.
I'd like to direct your attention specifically to the question is what happened when you were helping to prosecute those patients so far as five years ago?
The files were concerned. How much assistance lead to events? How much assistance the prosecution government has?
How the time is it for you to question me?
Sure. In the Remington case, I think that that case was further developed before this committee.
Answer that, another hearing was held on before the House Committee on American Activity.
There was then a surgery and a grand jury investigation and a surgery indictment.
And for to answer your question directly, before the prosecution, before the trial began, one important point in the in the prosecution was whether or not Remington had become a member of the Communist Party while in Maxwell, Tennessee working for the TBA.
That was a key point in the post he was on trial for the surgery, connection with the denial of Communist Party membership.
A number of our witnesses of the type that they came from, Maxwell and what people have worked with Remington in the TBA.
We did not get their files and we did not have access to their files.
We found out that certain officials of the TBA had physically turned over confidential files on government witnesses in the case against Remington, too,
Remington's defense counsel and were going all out. These officials of the government were going all out to help the defense and to hurt the prosecution.
I think the incident which you mean at that point I recall going down to the great city of Maxwell and one of my very able associates and a association, we subpoenaed well of the file and then physically took them back to New York, that there were numerous other instances which occurred to me within my personal experience.
There were people in the executive who tried to stop the prosecution and be uncovering a communist.
And I can say at my own personal knowledge having worked in the executive that it has been the work of committees such as this, such as the House Committee when it was founded a month with Acting Chairman in the his case.